First batch of adding descriptions to the documentation (#14825)
netdata/netdata: docs/store/distributed-data-architecture.md

# Distributed data architecture

> Netdata's distributed data architecture stores metrics on individual nodes for high performance and scalability using all your granular metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how Netdata's distributed data architecture enables us to store metrics on the edge nodes for security, high performance and scalability.
```
